Add support for PriorityClass name in Pod template - Closes #1753 (#1755)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: CHANGELOG.md

## 0.13.0

* Allow users to manually configure ACL rules (for example, using `kafka-acls.sh`) for special Kafka users `*` and `ANONYMOUS` without them being deleted by the User Operator.

> * Add support for configuring Priority Class name for Pods deployed by Strimzi

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add support for configuring `PriorityClass` name for Pods deployed by Strimzi
```

> * Add support for configuring Priority Class name for Pods deployed by Strimzi

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add support for configuring a Priority Class name for Pods deployed by Strimzi
```
